=============
 Libm210 0.2
=============

Libm210 provides C API for communicating with Pegasus Tablet Mobile
NoteTaker (M210) devices.

Author: Tuomas Jorma Juhani Räsänen <tuomasjjrasanen@tjjr.fi>
Homepage: <http://tjjr.fi/sw/libm210/>

How to install
==============

Libm210 uses libudev and therefore requires libudev development
files, more specifically libudev.h, to get compiled. On Debian and
its derivatives, the header file is packaged in libudev-dev.

After satisfying dependencies described above, the basic installation
is easy. Just run the following command:

  ./configure && make
  sudo make install

It installs the library to /usr/local/lib and header files to
/usr/local/include. See INSTALL for details.

How to report bugs
==================

The bug database is hosted in Launchpad. If you have found a bug or
have an improvement idea you want to share, please report it at
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/libm210>. However, to avoid duplicate bug
reports, before reporting, please check if similiar or identical bug
has already been reported. If the description of the existing bug
report If so, you can still subscribe to the existing bug to track its
progress.

If you are unsure whether the problem you have is due to a bug, you
can ask questions at <https://answers.launchpad.net/libm210>.

How to contribute
=================

In addition to reporting bugs and improvement suggestions, you are
encouraged to contribute bug-fixes or features. Source code is
maintained in Git VCS. The main repository is hosted in GitHub,
<https://github.com/tuomasjjrasanen/libm210/> and mirrored in
Launchpad as a Bazaar repository. The preferred way to contibute code
is to clone the main Git repository and send a pull-request. Good old
patches via email are also accepted.

How to copy
===========

Libm210 is free (libre) software and licensed under the terms of GNU
Public License version 3 or later. In short, it means that you are
free to copy, modify and redistribute this software as long as you
place the derivative work under a compatible license. See COPYING for
details.
